[cDAC] Prepare for dacdbi stackwalk (#128679)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/datacontracts/StackWalk.md

```csharp
public interface IStackDataFrameHandle { };

// Describes what the current Context/FrameIter of a handle represents.

> public enum StackWalkState
> {
>     SW_COMPLETE,
>     SW_ERROR,
>     // Current Context represents a managed method.
>     SW_FRAMELESS,
>     // Current Context is the seed native context from init (the thread's saved
>     // CONTEXT). FrameIter may or may not be on a Frame.
>     SW_INITIAL_NATIVE_CONTEXT,
>     // Current Context is native, produced by unwinding a managed frame down to
>     // an M2U boundary. FrameIter is on the explicit Frame at the transition.
>     SW_NATIVE_MARKER,
>     // FrameIter is on an explicit Frame (FrameAddress is valid), but the
>     // current Context has not yet been bridged through that Frame. Bridging
>     // occurs via UpdateContextFromCurrentFrame; the next step advances past
>     // this Frame.
>     SW_FRAME,
>     SW_SKIPPED_FRAME,
> }

Reviewer: nit: We can use managed enum naming conventions. I know we weren't before, but now that it is a public surface area, I think it makes sense to modify it.

```suggestion
 public enum StackWalkState
 {
     Complete,
     Error,
 
     // Current Context represents a managed method.
     Frameless,
 
     // Current Context is the seed native context from init (the thread's saved
     // CONTEXT). FrameIter may or may not be on a Frame.
     InitialNativeContext,
 
     // Current Context is native, produced by unwinding a managed frame down to
     // an M2U boundary. FrameIter is on the explicit Frame at the transition.
     NativeMarker,
 
     // FrameIter is on an explicit Frame (FrameAddress is valid), but the
     // current Context has not yet been bridged through that Frame. Bridging
     // occurs via UpdateContextFromCurrentFrame; the next step advances past
     // this Frame.
     Frame,
 
     SkippedFrame,
 }
```

```

```csharp
// Creates a stack walk and returns a handle
IEnumerable<IStackDataFrameHandle> CreateStackWalk(ThreadData threadData);

// Gets the StackWalkState that produced the current handle.

> StackWalkState GetState(IStackDataFrameHandle stackDataFrameHandle);

Reviewer: It may be nice to have this on the IStackDataFrameHandle itself, we haven't really done that before in the cDAC, but this seems like a good use case. I'm fine either way.

Author: Ok, yeah I'll put it on the handle, just thought you had a preference for the other way
